Feat(eos_designs)!: Shutdown interfaces and bgp towards undeployed peers by default (#4424)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/docs/porting-guides/5.x.x.md

+isis_system_id_format: node_id
```

> ### Default value of `shutdown_bgp_towards_undeployed_peers` and `shutdown_interfaces_towards_undeployed_peers` is changed to `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Shutdown interfaces and BGP towards undeployed peers by default
```

In AVD 4.0.0, the default value of `shutdown_bgp_towards_undeployed_peers` and `shutdown_interfaces_towards_undeployed_peers` was `false`.
In AVD 5.0.0, the default value of `shutdown_bgp_towards_undeployed_peers` and `shutdown_interfaces_towards_undeployed_peers` is changed to `true`.

> To configure `no shutdown`, set the value to `false`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To retain the previous behaviour, set the value to `false`:
```
